Oh hand down man down and that's butter
baby you're me boil squat King
how would it do with YouTube is the new
kid on the block mr. world t himself
kings oh and today I'm about to show you
guys how to use that Opie cheese
whatever you want to call it step back
move that creates so much space for a
combination or a jump shot as you can
see I'm using right now in the practice
mode and right here I'm about to pull up
for a jump shot for it in the corner
which is all you almost see at the stage
and that the record what not but yeah
this move is pretty old P and this is
how you use it you get hesitation three
and then you hold our sugar or do you
not even have to hold it at all you just
flick back when you're dribbling so as
you can see right there knockdown see as
I Drive towards the goal and like it
puts me only behind the three-point line
it's a real Opie move that if you don't
know by now that like I I personally I
don't approve of it but a lot of people
are using it so I guess you gotta fight
fire with fire and as you can see right
here is hesitation three and despite the
cheesiness that some people may think of
it it is a pretty good move and it's a
real NBA move that people use and I'm
out to show you guys me using this step
back at the party you can see I do it
right there nobody's really cover me but
here's where it's effective he thought I
was gonna keep going get the step back I
think the addition of me having Deadeye
helped me make that shot but you could
see I created space for the Shire so
we're gonna try to get here and this was
a definite Deadeye
situation cuz you see he play a little
defense and then I get that space into
the corner wide open Green Valley is
perfect every time the that's the
hesitation is a very deadly move I mean
very deadly so I get a good
step back here did I but baby you hurt
me yeah guys if you don't know by now go
ahead and put that on but if you want to
play legit without it
be my guest as you can see they
double-team me and I step back they
can't guard the step back this is Carter
Pugh as I go for the game when and
that's all she wrote
so I hope this video hope you guys I
hope you learned something new if you
didn't I hope you liked the video if you
new to the channel make sure you hit
that like button subscribe join the
Royal squad follow me on twitter follow
me on Twitch because I do stream daily I
stay boys go are we out